Hello and welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, we'll show you how to set-up Knox Manage on wearable devices.
When enterprise organizations purchase and distribute Wear OS devices for business purposes,
they set up their smartwatches in Pair and Detach mode.
This mode involves an IT admin using a single Samsung Galaxy phone running the Galaxy Wearable Manager for Enterprise app
to set up multiple watches.
Once the watches are set up by the IT admin, they are automatically detached from the phone,
meaning they will only operate as standalone devices without a phone.
Watches that are set up in this mode are managed and configured through Samsung Knox Manage.
Let's jump right in.
Before you proceed with this video, you'll need to have a valid Samsung Knox account and access to the Knox Manage service.
You'll also need an available Knox license.
Finally, you’ll also need compatible devices.
Please see the supported device list at Samsungknox.com for a complete list of devices supported by Knox Manage.
To add a watch to Knox Manage, first ensure your Samsung Galaxy phone is prepared
to run the Galaxy Wearable Manager for Enterprise app.
To do this, download and install the following apps from Google Play:
Galaxy Wearable
Galaxy Wearable for Enterprise.
Make sure these apps are at their latest versions.
Once the apps are installed you'll need to create a device group and generate a Wear OS enrollment token.
This token will be used to provision your enterprise smartwatches.
To generate the token:
Sign in to Knox Admin Portal and launch Knox Manage.
Go to Group, then click Add.
On the Add Group page, create a new Device group.
Once your Device group is created, go to Device Enrollment in the left navigation menu, then select Wear OS Token and click Add.
Give the token a Name and Expiration Period, then select the device group to assign the token to.
Click Save to return to the main list.
Click the name of the token you just created to open the Token Details page, which contains your Wear OS enrollment QR code.
Now you can start enrolling your enterprise smartwatches.
This process simply involves using your phone to scan the QR code once,
then using the same phone to enroll multiple enterprise smartwatches in succession.
To scan the Wear OS enrollment QR code:
On your phone, open the Galaxy Wearable for Enterprise app.
If the app presents a first-time dialog, tap OK to proceed.
Tap Scan new QR code and scan the QR code with your phone’s camera.
If the scan succeeds, QR code scanned successfully displays on the screen.
Close the Galaxy Wearable for Enterprise app.
Once Galaxy Wearable for Enterprise registers the QR code, you can enroll your enterprise smartwatch devices one-at-a-time. To do this:
Ensure that the Samsung Galaxy phone’s Bluetooth setting is turned on.
Launch the Galaxy Wearable app, then pair with your Wear OS smartwatch (Watch4 or later).
Now it's time to enroll your Wear OS device
On the Galaxy Wearable home screen, tap Continue,
then confirm that the pairing number on the smartwatch matches the one on your phone.
Read and agree to the End User License Agreement and Privacy Policy.
You can also select Sending of diagnostic data if you agree.
If you consent to the Google Terms of Service, tap I agree. Then, tap Continue to set up the watch. This may take several minutes.
Tap Continue if you agree to the Samsung Knox Privacy Policy
and acknowledge that the watch isn’t private because your enterprise manages the watch.
The Knox Manage agent begins installing on the smartwatch.
When finished, the app notifies you that you’re all set.
The watch detaches from the phone and begins to operate as a standalone device.
If you have another watch that you want to enroll, tap Pair another watch to repeat the same process.
This concludes our video on How to enroll wearable devices using Knox Manage.
To learn more about everything covered in this video,
please visit our Samsung Knox Documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!